good how are you my dear
Lovers of the heart attentive because
Antonio David has just spoken out
regarding the news this
weekend of the alleged breakup separation
crisis montajo of Olga Moreno and Agustín
Etien And we have his first words on the
matter we have his first reaction
let's see how Antonio
David Flores has taken this news And what does he think
about the subject I mean I think that in the end
Antonio David we can't deny that he is
a person who knows how
things work he doesn't know how the media works
and apart from knowing very well where he stands on
each one he also knows the
protagonists of the story so I
think he will have something to contribute don't you
think subscribe to the
completely free Channel okay if you want to
find out everything hit the
subscribe button and give me a big
like let's listen to what
Antonio David Flores says I have one more thing
that I want to tell you and well Well we
were talking before not
about this person who was in the media
information media talked about that person and they
said well well that they no longer
talked about that person because that
person  that person was selling was
dead and nobody talked about that person and
that person well no longer appeared in
articles or anything like that Well here he is
returning the sasca to all those who
have said that Antonio David is no longer
interesting he no longer sells let's see I
personally believe that yes, he still
sells a lot some aspects are
interesting Not much some aspects of
his life
eh yes it is true that man that if they
stop mentioning a person in
all sites Well little by little it
loses diffusion but you want it not it
is on YouTube it is still present no
and there is news about him there is news
about him so you want it not well they
are news that are of interest to the
facts I refer to this from this
weekend of Olga breaking up with Antonio
David with Agustn Sorry immediately
people asking what Antonio
David thinks immediately the subject of the
photos no yes it is true that
surprises me because I was the one who gave
the exclusive about the crisis okay eh Because we
gave it on telesalseo more than a
month ago we gave it on telesalseo it happens that they
treated it as a hoax they tried to
deny it and now it turns out that suddenly
now they do take it seriously and now
if everyone comments it, it's worth it but
I never linked it to Antonio David, yes it
is true that what happened is that
then they suddenly released the photos, they suddenly
released that photo and now the
horn, this Instagram account, well, they
released those photographs from August
now with the crisis they couldn't have
released them at the time but of course they
released them like at the time when
the crisis of Olga Moreno and
Agustín was announced so whether you like it or not, in a
certain way things are related
but not only that but
Antonio David himself with those
Instagram stories that we were seeing, not with
that depth and those
romantic messages, well also in some way he has made us, he has made us
laugh, he has made us
laugh a little, that person, eh I think I
remember that one day he said that he would not
talk about his private life anymore, that he would not
do any exclusives, I think it was
like, well maybe almost two and a half years ago or
maybe a little more here the issue of
exclusives eh of whether or not to be
exclusive, sincerely,
sincerely here I have a conflict
because I cannot  know what exclusives he's been
offered if he's been offered
exclusives or not then I can't
say anything else here let's see if it's
true that well that lately Well he
hasn't sold exclusives as far as I
can tell or I think I know I understand that
what happened last week with the photographs of
Marta Riesco was the last if I'm
wrong refresh my memory
please and it turns out that but well let's see the
case we are interested we are still interested in
many things about Antonio David about Olga about
the family in general and I think that
in fact the issue of the vetoes was a mistake
but I said it from the first
moment no now yes it is true
that yes man if a person is
not mentioned they are not
mentioned no that is what we have said
many times because he asks to be
stopped being mentioned to stop
talking about things about him there yes I think that he
would be fading away fading away a little no
but I think that is normal he stopped
talking about his private life I think that at
some point he has had to make some
kind of clarification right but without
speaking and staying firm in that
decision that he made that person has been
curiously  in these last few days I've been
splashed by a controversy where
a couple I don't know if they have broken up according to what I've
seen out there eh They haven't broken up if it
's a setup if it isn't if I don't have the
slightest idea what it is or what it
isn't because it's not my life I'm not
interested And they took advantage of some images of
one of those people who was the
protagonist of That couple that seems to have
broken up where she was having a
drink with her ex-husband at
12 something at night not 12 not one not
two not three no This is not like the
song eh they coincided they saw each other
they chatted and that's it that person
was with her group of friends and she found
this other person there with her group of
friends having a drink the most normal thing in the
world to me here it seems that this is
even something to celebrate not that a
marriage that also has many
things in common no and people in common and
a very nice life in between not that they
get along well or rather this I already said it
from the first moment damn
This is something to celebrate okay or rather and
forgive me for the expression But I wish
everyone  marriages and all the parents
who separate, well, have this
cordiality. What I do believe that
Antonio David denies is the issue of the schedule
Because in the horn account it was said
that at 3:3 the person who took the
photo at 3 in the morning already left and
they were still staying there Antonio
David says no, that this happened at
12:12 and something and outside but those images
catch my attention because they have
used it now to if possible still
create more controversy or I don't know if to divert the
controversy or I don't know if to use it so that there
really is an
interest in promoting something that perhaps not
even they themselves are capable of promoting. An
interesting barb from Antonio David to Olga
Moreno and Agustín and here it is worth it
because on the one hand he is telling you that maybe these images come out now and they want to relate them to the issue of the breakup and the crisis, no, and the rumors, no, which is something that I believe they are shamelessly organizing with these movements on
Instagram and so on and Antonia AB what she
is telling you here is maybe you
are splashing me wanting to because by
itself  the subject of crisis and the subject of
breakup without the ingredient of Antonio
David is not interesting okay I think they are going around
looking chasing something I don't
know I have no idea and I don't want to I don't want to
know absolutely anything about the
background of the story because I'm not
interested because it's not my life but at the
moment in which they put me or that
person they put her in the story through
the use of some images from the month
of August specifically from the end of
August where that person had also
broken up with their partner that other person
Obviously they always respect
eh the times the people and they have never ever gotten
involved in absolutely anything
but Wait wait wait I want to
understand one thing well here and I'm going to
repeat it okay or they put that person in
the story through the use of
some images from the month of August
specifically from the end of August where
that person had also broken up with
their partner that person I understand is
referring to him having broken up with
Marta that other person Obviously they
always respect
eh the times the people and they have never
ever gotten involved in absolutely anything
HM I understand that here they are
implying that Olga has never gotten involved in
his relationship or that  there has been nothing
strange as long as each one has had their
partner I understand that it goes that way eh
Maybe I'm understanding it wrong if
you interpret it in another way please
tell me HM do you use the news of
the breakup or the non-breakup or do you call it
what you call it the montajo montajo or I don't
know it makes exactly the same to me but you
use it precisely with those images
that come from the end of August and they talk
about there being a Reconciliation, that is to say
that this person breaks up with their partner and
gets back with their ex-partner and there is a
Reconciliation and all this is left as a
bit of part of the show, right? Let's
see
eh in all honesty for me here what would
connect
HM and that in some way Antonia
also Yes propitiated a bit is the
fact that the day after those
drinks she puts some stories on Instagram
with some profound messages about a Boat
and a remmo and the board that doesn't
sink anyway we also have to
add the click that we were commenting on
in the video eh In which Antonio David
said that he regretted everything  of
the last 3 years and such, you don't want it,
no, if you speak out about these
things and make these kinds of comments
on social media, well, you know what you're going to
cause, I mean, and it's normal for people to
speculate and imagine, well, let them
imagine a little bit that maybe you
remember Olga or something like that,
okay, I mean, it's not a bad thing,
everyone can put whatever they want on their social media,
but eh, let's see, son, if you put some
romantic stories on Instagram,
people also understand it a little like that,
and in the end, what we're trying to do is
find the truth, the real story of the
show, of
the written press, of those who
also eh inform through other
media and so on, but it really catches my
attention because that person who
eh is put into this story that
has nothing to do with it, it seems that no
one from all those media outlets
has called her to
verify whether the news of the
reconciliation is true or not,
or if they have returned again as a couple or
not, we haven't called that person or
Christ here He is complaining that they do not
contrast the information with him, let's see,
eh Yes, it is good to contrast it, eh Of
course But it is good to contrast it
to confirm it, I mean,
eh, I think that nobody has really
thought about a Reconciliation as such,
even though it is used a bit in
question marks in the title. Like for
example, on telesalseo, let's see, they
speculate about a story, they speculate that
these people may have a
crisis and they speculate that Antonio
David may have memories, no, and
nice messages for Olga, but to
confirm news there should be
even more information before a
call, so maybe
more photographs come out more constantly, eh,
maybe they are seen in another
attitude, maybe not holding hands.
Anyway, contrasting this
type of things is very good and very
professional, but for example, when
I received the information about
Olga and Agustín's crisis, I said it in the
video that I uploaded from the car, of course, I
have Orga's phone number, of course, I
have called her many times to
contrast many things, but this
in particular  he's going to say whatever he
wants, I'm telling you, and Antonio David. You
call him to contrast
things and Antonio David tells you that
he's going to say whatever it is on his
YouTube channel. It's not just me in particular. It's
never happened to me. The truth is that
whenever I've asked him something, which I have
n't spoken to him in a long time, he
usually answers me truthfully and he has
usually resolved my doubts or whatever.
But it's true that many
colleagues and media outlets, uh, radio and
press, have told me that every
time we call him he tells us that he's going
to tell it on his YouTube channel.
So I think that's where the
fear comes from or that it might put
someone off, whether we compare it or call him, but it doesn't
matter. Here, since we know that person
is silent, let's talk because there's
not going to be any problem. Okay, no, thank you
very much. Since we know that
person is silent, let's talk about
whatever it is, there's no problem. Let's
see if someone tells a lie, that person will
come out. But anyway, one thing is to
talk about the crisis, which is what they
're trying to do.  to understand
Agustín and Olga and another thing is that
a media outlet comes out and says Antonio David and Olga
Moreno have gotten back together, man. There you are
inventing a piece of news, no eh.
There you are inventing a
completely false headline that says ent between
question marks Reconciliation and then in
the body of the news, well, it tells you this
is a montage of Olga and Agustín, yes,
I see that. Within the game, the truth
regarding reconciliation. It seems
that this person does not have to
reconcile with anyone because they have never
fought with anyone and have never had a
problem with anyone, among other things
because, well, they have been in a relationship for 22 years,
married for 22 years, and little
news has come out that in 22 years they have
had a crisis or something like that,
right? Well, some have come out, I think that they do
not have to
reconcile with anyone since there has not
been any type of problem or
anything, they have been united for 22 years living
together, they are still united by a daughter that
they have in common and a respect and affection.
Here, each one has made their life and
will continue to do it however they want to do it.
mm  of ogre silence because it can be heard it can be heard
dirty okay I think I'm being very
clear Really no no don't use me I
ask you please to take me out of the
equation I'm very focused on my thing
in my work look now eh I'm
living enjoying the lives of the
people who love me don't involve me in
your stories I don't want to know anything I'm not
interested in anything I'm not interested in
exclusives I'm not interested in montages I'm
not interested in the movies that are
behind all this and the background of
all this I'm not interested in absolutely
nothing that's true and in this part I'm going to
get a little serious and I'm going to ask
please know who I'm saying this to watch this
because I would also get serious and I
fully support Antonio David who
gets serious here surely he
wants to get much more serious still
but well he's going to ask for it okay he's going to
ask for something that he's already asked for many
times but it seems that there are people who do
n't know how to respect okay the usual ones there's no
need to name him there's no need to
name him and I'm going to do it contact
okay I'm not going to remember the past he's
referring to someone who well when he
is  saying here I'm not going to remember the
past because it's going on,
Endo is referring to someone who
may have already cheated or has already said
very serious things about Antonio David, anyway, I
think it's being understood, I'm going to go
directly to the present to see It seems
very strong to me, it seems wild that it is
used as a pretext as a defense for a
breakup of a couple that the reason
could be that that person has a
minor daughter, they have said this okay, they have
said it in a place that first when
Javi Oliveira a month or so ago released the
exclusive, well, he started to deny it,
eh, when what that person has to do
is not see Javi Oliveira okay.
But well, he denied it, he commented on every
live show that Javi Oliveira did on that
subject and he even commented on the exclusives
that Javi Oliveira was giving on that
subject. If someone told Javi Oliveira
that they had seen Olga in Seville with
Agusín, he would comment on it, you know, I live
with some people who have a
bit of a strange obsession okay, but yes,
what Antonio Viid is saying was
commented on in a group that I saw and  and it was
said no that maybe the reason for the
breakup was the little one these things are already
annoying t these things I'm going to
remind you of one thing do me a favor and don't
talk about minors okay it's not about
minors dude and I'm not saying this for anyone in
particular because I've seen it in a lot
of places dude I am I am a father
too okay
and Antonia vibi something happened a while ago maybe
I don't know if it was at the beginning
of summer I don't know
eh there was a moment when Anton Abi
asked that the son not be mentioned anymore
okay And the thing is that he said that the son didn't want to be
part of this or whatever
okay It's not that the son has appeared in the
magazine so good they have appeared but now they are
not appearing yes yes a person is
asking you that they don't want to appear anymore and that
person is not participating in anything well
if you tell me that they are
asking you not to talk about them but
then so many sides then you say you Hey
but listen to me I have freedom of
expression but of course when they are
telling you that the person themselves does not want to
appear anywhere anymore or for
their face to be used or for anyone to be used  to him
personally I don't know if you
agree with me eh I don't know I can't think of anything
else other than
respecting him but respecting both the
father and the son, I mean I've done
everything possible and besides that there's
luare aiden eh jesito inves the whole
team eh both from Teresa and from the
other TV know that they have orders that
Antonio David's son does not appear if
any mention has to be made because it is
the issue and there is no other choice Hey, a
trial in which he is a party eh the
censored face the censored face Hey, if
I'm live suddenly here
reacting to a video and in a video
that I'm watching whoever it is puts the photo
and I can't avoid it because I'm
live okay but as long as I
can avoid it whatever is in my power is
in my power you understand man HM I have
done wrong these days not to
mention it And not to mention the
little one either, what do they have in this
story Look There is the little one you know
that you have it like Norma, right? It
could escape or that in a live session
we are here it comes out  because the kid has
come out in place Well, we can't
avoid it but notice that I, for example,
have not mentioned well for example that no, I'm not
going to say it is that I'm not going to enter, I'm not
going to say it but eh no man But
if they are asking you, you have to respect it
and on top of that, here we are talking a
little bit since there is no one on the
other side who makes any statement or
writes on Twitter or on Instagram
or This goes to someone on the other side
which is for Olga's side okay there
are people who seem to be that for
some things they contact To
pass on information to the youtubers
that they never usually get right No but notice
you, they don't contact to say man
please don't say this eh There is no one it
seems Because here when it's not of interest it's
not of interest since I am the father I ask you
not to talk, not to talk about
minors again well I would appreciate it I suppose you
will understand me right you know who I am
addressing this message to therefore there is no
need to even name him in fact I would
appreciate it if you could even remove it Well,
thank you very much and nothing and little else to
comment
and for those who do or do not do
montages or or such or do not do them or
want to do it at least me who has been
in this business for 28 years who has
never done it because I did not need to
because everyone knows my life
at least man I do not know a little
intelligence is true says Romina that
mania of not saying names Romina
sometimes it is not necessary and and and
saying names often gives life to
people who need life So
why is she going to promote in a live show of
4000 viewers the name of someone who may
no longer have visibility you
understand the message arrives and whoever
gets it who asks for it or in other words who did it who
receives it I for example
cannot receive this message because I know
how I act regarding those things that you
have to have You have to be smart to
do things right and fit all the
pieces together But at least from here you have to
be smart to fit all the pieces together
website the website of Agustín
Etien the website of the representative it
would be
interesting to remind you to remove the
photograph you start deleting all the
photographs and all the videos from the
Instagram account eh you
unfollow each other eh I asked her to delete the
stuff I don't know I don't know how much but on the
representation page She doesn't remove that
Agustín and Rocío Flores removed them at the
moment the same day right so at
least it gives perhaps
more veracity to the whole montage
because how late one part is but forgetting
the other host is like a bit of a
sing not good
and let's go what he's telling you here in
tone It's that Agustín is organizing this
But well, to the rest of the satellites
Hey, to the rest of the satellites, who is he
referring to
sincerely if I don't talk about anyone
why eh do they keep talking about me if I don't
talk about anyone why do they keep talking about
me everything has a beginning everything everything
has a beginning has an end everything
has an end and You have to accept it and
go on living and You have to accept it and
go on living Marta message that they
left you on your voicemail okay Marta
if he doesn't talk why does he keep
talking and that you have to accept the end
family eh what did you think of
Antonio David Flores' message  The truth is that it
seemed super correct to me,
superb on this occasion, eh, the only
point, the only point in my opinion
is that eh, I think that he did
participate in some way, not in this
last part, not that I think it's a
setup, but that people, well,
speculate about whether he regrets
leaving Olga or would return or not return
because of the issue of the
Instagram stories, okay, for the rest, well, I think
he sent a message within his rights,
with respect and without being rude, so we
applaud him, I'm reading in the
comments box, bye
bye